hello girls good today I bring you a new
shopping video and in this case it's going to be
a little a compilation of purchases
I've done since the end of the
rebates until let's say today like this
I 'm going to try not to roll up
too much and let's start well what
first that he wants to teach you is going to be
some 15 purchases in prime are going in this
have been two handkerchiefs worth
I'm going to teach you a little better for
more to say that now that you see them look
this is in this tone as greenish with
brown is worth and good is a handkerchief
quite long and if I'm not wrong I
It cost about four euros just like
this
it is pink and it takes as
a little leopard or so but
but not too flashy either we
he taught it close to you to see it
If so, and it also cost me about four
euros approximately in the following
of another basic shirt of h & m in this
case is this yellow that is much more
eye-catching voucher is like the other two that
teach in the other videos and good
it also cost me 6 with 96
well after this I bought several
this pink shirt that
if you have not seen it on my blog since
I have made an update in which
I'm wearing it and it's a basic tee
but hey, it's a little way
different and here back then it takes a
golden zipper
and it's this rosita and the price was 995
in the try several I bought this dress
gastric with a little glass as
basic that you have a little bit of flight
is between adif or even let's say the area
the ribs and then from there
Well , that flight is not in tone
raw and has here also this form
for the chest and sea that is super cute
and it cost me 15 95, so can you
find coral tone in navy blue and
in turquoise blue sorry
of the following before doing this is
let's say a little the sales although in
h & m in for those who often say often
they always have some offer I bought
this jersey is worth long sleeves in
black and white for ten euros is worth the
original price was twenty euros and I
I bought it then for ten I'm going to be a
little bit more closely and in the following
This mango dress is a dress that
it tasted does not remind me much in summer by
striped stripes marine types go and
come with this braided brown belt
of steel for you to see this belt
brown cited braided
and good is a basic dress that for the
summer to wear over the bikini
It is also very good and the price is
19 with 99
and I bought not long ago so maybe
you can find it still and then
also sometimes these two basic that
buy h & m that these are
Basic dresses I can not wear more than
lace that I bought one in turquoise
and another in black is worth it and the price was
995 well then they are on the other hand
well I will advance it I bought this in tone
coral that is super nice and I hope that
you can appreciate the colors well
because if not and look and put the
label over here the back I do not know
you can see but it's totally open
several simply go your people happen
that up and it takes all the back
open is a beautiful dress there
here with a little bit of flight and it's super
unique and the price is 22 with 99 voucher
It's super pretty well
what else I have what I buy is in
bershka or show you tell him it's one
with little flowers even if it looks like a cut
good to know is short but not in
excess is this with these little flowers look
it's super nice it takes the edge in blue
navy and behind takes a little bit this
open and it's here a few
buttons is worth it and it goes and goes here with its
half consumption with its elastic and cost me
22 99
well the following this is a max and three
let's call it that because it really
it's from Zara and it's good that she has
forgotten to put him wearing a belt
brown belt very finite I hope that
you can see the color well
it is much more intense much more turquoise
I do not know more seawater I do not know how
describe this Balearic color and
generally 35.95 but well I had
a discount of 10 euros so I
It cost 25 euros and it's max 3 but that the
inside dress let's say and get up
and then falls here and all this coupon and
a vaporous dress I hope then
here you can better appreciate the color
but although later on at the end it looks good and
well it's lovely for a night like this
little bit more gala vale is very nice and
already last in h & m in buy also 2
two monkeys worth in this case I bought it
this black is a monkey then with his paw and
others and he goes here with his tape or his
belt he cited to help him and then what
I also bought in this other color
and then I bought it, also because
well first I bought this at
Like me because I decided to buy
also the other is the same tissue
and also to knot look at it and it's this
turquoise print so beautiful takes here
the zipper is worth it so you can
so that you can put it better and
well the price was 1995 or 1996 1995
so I hope you liked it
the latest purchases and by the way now
I'm seeing someone here this
shows you dress in the latest video
the purchases and what really originally
It was half sleeve but well I decided
cut the voucher to put it more
in summer
let's see I will try to ensure that what
see a little bit
I wear this pendant that I will show
in a video that I plan to make of
purchases of supplements and well then as
I decided to see a little shove here the
sleeve
and this is the wearing of the waist like that and
well then it falls a little bit I'll try
do some some out fit with him so
nothing I hope you liked this
video and see you a very strong kiss
bye